README.md, before:

<h1 align="center">Mazer Dashboard</h1>

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zuramai/mazer/main/screenshot.png)

<p align="center">Mazer is an Admin Dashboard Template that can help you develop faster. Made with Bootstrap 5. No jQuery dependency.</p>
<div align="center">

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zuramai/mazer)](https://github.com/zuramai/mazer/graphs/contributors)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/zuramai/mazer.svg)
![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/badges/shields.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/zuramai/mazer.svg)](LICENSE)

</div>

<p align="center">
	<a href="http://zuramai.github.io/mazer/demo">Demo Page</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
	<a href="http://zuramai.github.io/mazer/docs">Documentation Page</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

## Installation

1. Clone this repository or download as zip.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/zuramai/mazer
```

2. Open the `mazer/dist/index.html` file to see the dashboard.

## Community Mazer-based open sources

- [CodeIgniter 4](https://github.com/irsyadulibad/mazer-codeigniter) by [@irsyadulibad](https://github.com/irsyadulibad)
- [Laravel + Livewire](https://github.com/zuramai/laravel-mazer) (unmaintained, looking for maintainer)
- [NuxtJS](https://github.com/fauzan121002/mazer-nuxt) by [@fncolon](https://github.com/fncolon)
- [React JS Component Library](https://github.com/fachryansyah/react-mazer-ui) by [@fachryansyah](https://github.com/fachryansyah/)
- [Adonisjs 5](https://github.com/afman42/mazer-adonisjs) by [@afman42](https://github.com/afman42/)
- [Django](https://github.com/bimbims125/mazer-django) by [@bimbims125](https://github.com/bimbims125/)
- Did you make in another framework or tools? Open up Pull Requests and put yours here! 😃

## Contributing

Please follow [Contributing Guide](./CONTRIBUTING.md) before contribute.

## License

Mazer is under [MIT License](./LICENSE).

## Author

Mazer is created by <a href="https://ahmadsaugi.com">Ahmad Saugi</a>.

## Donation

You can support Ahmad Saugi at [Ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/saugi) or [Trakteer](https://trakteer.id/saugi)

<a href="https://buymeacoffee.com/saugi" target="_blank"><img src="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/assets/img/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: 41px !important;width: 174px !important;box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;-webkit-box-shadow: 0px 3px 2px 0px rgba(190, 190, 190, 0.5) !important;" ></a>

Commit message:

change README and add screenshot

README.md, after:

<h1 align="center">Mazer Dashboard (Dark and light mode)</h1>

![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zuramai/mazer/main/screenshot.png)
![Screenshot](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/zuramai/mazer/main/screenshot.png)

<p align="center">Mazer is an Admin Dashboard Template that can help you develop faster. Made with Bootstrap 5. With jQuery dependency use for Dark mode.</p>
<div align="center">

[![All Contributors](https://img.shields.io/github/contributors/zuramai/mazer)](https://github.com/zuramai/mazer/graphs/contributors)
![GitHub last commit](https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/zuramai/mazer.svg)
![GitHub repo size in bytes](https://img.shields.io/github/repo-size/badges/shields.svg)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/zuramai/mazer.svg)](LICENSE)

</div>

<p align="center">
	<a href="http://zuramai.github.io/mazer/demo">Demo Page</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
	<a href="http://zuramai.github.io/mazer/docs">Documentation Page</a>&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;
</p>

## Installation

1. Clone this repository or download as zip.

```sh
git clone https://github.com/kazemyavari/mazer-dark
```

2. Open the `mazer/dist/index.html` file to see the dashboard.

## Community Mazer-based open sources

- [CodeIgniter 4](https://github.com/irsyadulibad/mazer-codeigniter) by [@irsyadulibad](https://github.com/irsyadulibad)
- [Laravel + Livewire](https://github.com/zuramai/laravel-mazer) (unmaintained, looking for maintainer)
- [NuxtJS](https://github.com/fauzan121002/mazer-nuxt) by [@fncolon](https://github.com/fncolon)
- [React JS Component Library](https://github.com/fachryansyah/react-mazer-ui) by [@fachryansyah](https://github.com/fachryansyah/)
- [Adonisjs 5](https://github.com/afman42/mazer-adonisjs) by [@afman42](https://github.com/afman42/)
- [Django](https://github.com/bimbims125/mazer-django) by [@bimbims125](https://github.com/bimbims125/)
- Did you make in another framework or tools? Open up Pull Requests and put yours here! 😃

## License

Mazer is under [MIT License](./LICENSE).

## Author

Mazer is created by <a href="https://ahmadsaugi.com">Ahmad Saugi</a>.
Dark version developed by  <a href="https://github.com/kazemyavari">Kazem Yavari</a>.
